Start angle for CanvasRenderingContext2D.createConicGradient() varies across browsers (#22363)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/canvasrenderingcontext2d/createconicgradient/index.md

### Parameters

- `startAngle`

>   - : The angle at which to begin the gradient, in radians. The angle starts from a line going horizontally right from the center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : The angle at which to begin the gradient, in radians. The angle starts from a line going horizontally right from the center, and proceeds clockwise.
```

### Parameters

- `startAngle`

>   - : The angle at which to begin the gradient, in radians.
>   - Note: As of November 2022, the start angle of createConicGradient() varies across different browsers. Chromium-based browsers such as Chrome, Edge, Opera and Samsung Internet follow the `CanvasRenderingContext2D` tradition and start at 3 o'clock, while other browsers such as Firefox and Safari follow the CSS tradition and starts at 12 o'clock.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : The angle at which to begin the gradient, in radians. The angle starts from a line going horizontally right from the center.
```

Reviewer 2: Yes, sounds good to me. I'm approving the PR here, but leave up to you to decide when to land it.
